Implement template inheritance (#18)
pyansys/pyansys-templates: src/ansys/templates/python/pybasic/README.rst

   official `venv` documentation if you require further information:

    .. code:: bash

        # Create a virtual environment
        python -m venv .venv

        # Activate it in a Linux environment
        python -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate

        # Activate it in a Windows CMD environment
        source .venv\Scripts\activate.bat

        # Activate it in a Windows Powershell environment
        source .venv\Scripts\Activate.ps1

3. Make sure you have the latest version of `pip`_:

    .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install -U pip

4. Install the project in editable mode:

    .. code:: bash
    
        python -m pip install --editable {{ cookiecutter.__pkg_name }}

5. Install additional requirements (if needed):

     .. code:: bash

        python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_build.txt
        python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_doc.txt
        python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_tests.txt

6. Finally, verify your development installation by running:

    .. code:: bash
        
        python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_tests.txt

>         pytest tests -vvv

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        pytest tests -vv
```

Style and Testing
-----------------

If required, you can always call the style commands (`black`_, `isort`_,
`flake8`_...) or unit testing ones (`pytest`_) from the command line. However,
this does not guarantee that your project is being tested in an isolated

> environment, which is the reason why tools like `tox`_ exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
environment, which is another reason to use tools like `tox`_.
```

Documentation
-------------

For building documentation, you can either run the usual rules provided in the
`Sphinx`_ Makefile, such us:

.. code:: bash

    python -m pip install -r requirements/requirements_doc.txt

>     make -C doc/ html && your_browser_name doc/html/index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make -C doc/ html

    # optionally view the generated documentation (on linux) with
    your_browser_name doc/html/index.html
```

{{ cookiecutter.__project_name_slug }}
{{ '=' * (cookiecutter.__project_name_slug | length) }}

{{ cookiecutter.__short_description }}

How to install
--------------

At least two installation modes are provided: user and developer.

For users
^^^^^^^^^

User installation can be performed by running:

.. code:: bash

    python -m pip install {{ cookiecutter.__pkg_name }}

For developers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Before contributing to the project, please refer to the `PyAnsys Developer's
guide`_. You will need to follow these steps:

1. Start by cloning this repository:

    .. code:: bash

        git clone {{ cookiecutter.repository_url }}

2. Create a fresh-clean Python environment and activate it. Refer to the

>    official `venv` documentation if you require further information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   official `venv`_ documentation if you require further information:
```
